That's a popular name today. Little "e", big "B"? Say what? Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for Strip Clubs while we're at it? Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal?
Kif, I have mated with a woman. Inform the men. No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it. Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything. Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal?
I'm Santa Claus! Then we'll go with that data file! I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool. I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. They're like sex, except I'm having them!
We're rescuing ya. And then the battle's not so bad? Maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you are pretending to be. Of all the friends I've had… you're the first.
You seem malnourished. Are you suffering from intestinal parasites? No, she'll probably make me do it. A true inspiration for the children. Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it… then perhaps gifts!
Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV. And I'm his friend Jesus. With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun! Also Zoidberg. It may comfort you to know that Fry's death took only fifteen seconds, yet the pain was so intense, that it felt to him like fifteen years. And it goes without saying, it caused him to empty his bowels.
Moving along… Oh God, what have I done? Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away! The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well made bed. You will practice until you can make your bed in your sleep.
Is that a cooking show? Man, I'm sore all over. I feel like I just went ten rounds with mighty Thor. Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon.
Oh God, what have I done? No. We're on the top. Doomsday device? Ah, now the ball's in Farnsworth's court! OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can.
Acidentally, you have a dime up your nose. Actually, that's still true. Tell her she looks thin. No! The cat shelter's on to me. Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused.

Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. Is the Space Pope reptilian!? Ah, yes! John Quincy Adding Machine. He struck a chord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree.
I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship. Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool. You've swallowed a planet!
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.…hey.…the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant. Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time!
Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you? It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool.
All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong? Saving the world with meals on wheels. It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool. Saving the world with meals on wheels.
